[[Journal]]

### Me and writing

I finally came back to write here, I don't know how can I make this place more appealing to come to it, I know I need to come and write here often, but I seldom do.

Maybe coming back here will take me off socials and wasteful content consumption, and invite me back to think and work my mind in what I actually want and like.

one of the things that I thought would happen but didn't when I bought the tablet is that I would write here more, it didn't happen because the typing experience on it is trash, the touch keyboard is horrible on that screen size, and an external keyboard is kinda expensive and you still have to set it and prop it up, and a I am not a soy dev how works out of coffee shops, I am mostly at a desk with my laptop, and when I am not, I can write it out with the stylus on the tablet, or with my fingers on the phone.

I just need to find the right fit in my system and it will all just fall into place.

### How am I ?

As of how it has been, it is ok. I am trying to get back to my systems and routines after Ramadan, still trying to slot the gym in my day, still trying to have some me time in my day, still trying to better prep my food, and every other thing that I have been trying to do ever since I moved to Cairo for work.

Is that bad, I don't think so, life is a big series of experiments, one should always be trying to better one's self, one should always be on the move, the one thing that is bothering me is when do I see or feel the fruit of my labor? that is in itself work, because nothing good shows benefits quickly, and then begin to overthink in the sea of uncertainty, THE sea because it is always there, but with time and effort, you learn how to navigate it, it is a unpleasant place, but sadly, it is what pushes us forward.

### Letting go of music

I stopped listening to music a few months back, but it still feels weird, discovering new music was a hobby on its own, now I try to fight the temptation, while still holding on the few ones that I liked and could still sing from memory. I still like music but that doesn't make them any less haram.

